[docs] Improve code guidelines (#22639)
xbmc/xbmc: docs/CODE_GUIDELINES.md

* while in a do statement

#### 3.3.1. if else

> Put the consequent on a new line if not in curly braces anyway. Keep `else if` statements on one line. Do not make a condition as a single line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Put the consequent on a new line if not in curly braces anyway. Keep `else if` statements on one line. Do not put a condition and a following statement on a single line.
```

  return;
```

❌ Bad:
```cpp
if (true)

>   return; // No new line after if statement

Reviewer 2: The rule doesn't refer to this. It also seems to be pedantic. I agree whitespace is good but I don't think we need a hard rule here.

Reviewer 3: Indeed, this covers the topic of vertical whitespace, and that's more of a readability issue than a style issue. Maybe mention that vertical whitespace can create "stanzas" of code for the reader to digest.

Author: i moved that part to `3.4. Whitespace` in a different formula

this reminded me of something else
we allow the use of control statements without brackets?
e.g.

```
[..........other code....]
while (....)
  x+=1;
[..........other code....]
```

vs:

```
[..........other code....]
while (....)
{
  x+=1;
}
[..........other code....]
```

I don't seem to have found any mention of it
I personally do not like the use of them without brackets, opinions?

Reviewer 4: for me this is fine:

```
[..........other code....]
while (....)
  x+=1;
                              <--- blank line
[..........other code....]
```

Author: i think i have wrote a bad example, my fear is that we allow something this:

```c++
    [..........other code....]
    for (std::vector<AdaptationSet*>::const_iterator ba(current_period_->adaptationSets_.begin()),
         ea(current_period_->adaptationSets_.end());
         ba != ea; ++ba)
      for (std::vector<Representation*>::iterator br((*ba)->representations_.begin()),
           er((*ba)->representations_.end());
           br != er; ++br)
        if ((*br)->flags_ & Representation::ENABLED)
          refresh_list.push_back(std::make_tuple(*ba, *br));
    [..........other code....]
```

on InputStreamAdaptive addon i cleaned up a lot of code like this, which made the code so difficult to read especially when the block of code was long

on this case the "for" condition is very long, and become splitted on more lines, plus nested control statements without brackets make all this hard to read

Reviewer 5: sorry it's untested but arent they perfect candidates for range based for ? or some other other reason that doesnt allow
```
 [..........other code....]
    for (const auto& ba : current_period_->adaptationSets_())
      for (const auto& br : ba->representations_())
        if (br->flags_ & Representation::ENABLED)
          refresh_list.push_back(std::make_tuple(ba, br));
[..........other code....]
```

Author: was only and example you can use any type of content in the conditions
that become splitted on more lines when you clang-format
i find it quite a mess

Author: so my last concern is the use/abuse of `auto` expression
its clear that auto can be used everywhere without problem because the type is deduced by value by compiler
but i think this becomes a bit risky and difficult to read at least when there are more variables

in some circustances like this example:
https://github.com/xbmc/xbmc/pull/22705/files#r1096691684
we declare a list of constants variables
the types not being explicit set a little oversight can declare a wrong type
and when you have to investigate reading all `auto` it is not so immediate to understand each type

we can think to add in doc some kind of limitation for this use case, maybe for fundamental types only?

Reviewer 4: One note here: this code is automatically generated by Visual Studio 2022 "hints" when suggest change #defines to `constexpr` maybe it's not such a bad thing.

Usually auto is used on very long types or complex or having multiple sub-levels in a namespace.
Also seems can be used when type is easily deduced from name of variable (e.g. type is a class).

```c++
auto hdmiInfo = HdmiDisplayInformation::GetForCurrentView();
```

Author: > suggest change #defines to constexpr maybe it's not such a bad thing.

i think its not in docs because new code should not introduce new #defines

> Usually auto is used on very long types or complex or having multiple sub-levels in a namespace.

yes for this use case i agree

### 5.4. Initialization

Make sure that variables are initialized appropriately at declaration or soon afterwards. This is especially important for fundamental type variables that do not have any constructor to zero-initialize with `{}`.

✅ Good:
```cpp
int x{3};
CLog::Log("test: {}", x); // variable used just after its declaration
```

❌ Bad:
```cpp
int x{3}; // variable not immediately used, if possible declare the variable close to the point of its use 
[...many lines of code that do not use variable x...]
CLog::Log("test: {}", x);
```

> Although we suggest adopt the use of `{}` for the local variables, like the example above,

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
Although we suggest adopting the use of `{}` for the local variables, like the example above,
```

> for this use case we allow to initialize the variables also by using the form `=` to improve the readability of the code.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
for this use case we allow to initialize the variables also by using the form `=` to improve the code readibility.
```

✅ Good:
```cpp
std::string localVariableX{m_fooVariableOne + m_barVariableTwo}; // less readable
std::string localVariableX = m_fooVariableOne + m_barVariableTwo; // more readable
```

> In any case, the form `{}` must always be used for members of classes and structures.

Reviewer 3: I had a GSoC student write in a header `std::string x{};`. It might be worth mentioning this example that std::string shouldn't have {}.

### 5.4. Initialization

Make sure that variables are initialized appropriately at declaration or soon afterwards. This is especially important for fundamental type variables that do not have any constructor to zero-initialize with `{}` (e.g. structs, pointers).
This syntax is less ambiguous and disallows narrowing (cf. [ISO C++ guidelines](http://isocpp.github.io/CppCoreGuidelines/CppCoreGuidelines#Res-list)).

✅ Good:
```cpp
int x{0};

> int* y{};

Reviewer 3: ```c++
int* y{0};
```

A comment in another thread got me thinking, for primitive types, we should always include a value in the initializer list, because it offers explicit type checking for the value. For anything beyond a primitive type `{}` is fine.

Reviewer 5: shouldnt it be `int* y{nullptr};` then?

Author: for pointers specify `nullptr` not change the result in any case is nullptr
you could says that it is preferible or more readable

Author: @garbear specified line its a pointer, anyway i will clarify the point

Reviewer 3: Thanks, been staring at a screen for too long. Updated my comment. I'll have to come back tomorrow to reflect on what's been said here.

Author: i tried make more clear point `5.4. Initialization` let me know

### 5.4. Initialization

> Make sure that variables are initialized appropriately at declaration or soon afterwards. This is especially important for fundamental type variables that do not have any constructor to zero-initialize with `{}`.

Reviewer: Can you rephrase the second sentence? I don't understand what it is trying to say after the change (grammar also feels off).

Author: typo i will revert the change

✅ Good:
```cpp
int x{3};
CLog::Log("test: {}", x); // variable used just after its declaration
```

❌ Bad:
```cpp

> int x{3}; // variable not immediately used, if possible declare the variable close to the point of its use 

Reviewer: the example is not related to the rule text at all, since you are making up a new rule here. while I think it's a reasonable guideline, it should be explicitly written down and not "hidden" here

Author: add a new chapter see `5.1 Declarations`

[...many lines of code that do not use variable x...]
CLog::Log("test: {}", x);
```

Although we suggest adopting the use of `{}` for the local variables, like the example above,
for this use case we allow to initialize the variables also by using the form `=` to improve the code readability.

✅ Good:
```cpp
std::string localVariableX{m_fooVariableOne + m_barVariableTwo}; // less readable

> std::string localVariableX = m_fooVariableOne + m_barVariableTwo; // more readable

Reviewer: I think what is more readable is mostly a matter of habit, but IMO the guidelines should pick one as a recommendation (can also be the second option for all I care) and not describe both as "good" just to immediately judge them then ("less readable"). Why should anyone want to use the worse option then? :D  if there is a preference, write it down. if not, don't judge.

Author: as my reply above, if you prefeer you can suggest to add a  better explanation for this difference,
or open a discussion on Slack and get everyone involved to discuss this difference another time

Author: i can remove the example if you mean this

Author: i have reworked all this section, i think will fit better your requests

Reviewer: alrighty, thanks!

```

> In any case, the form `{}` must always be used for members of classes and structures.

Reviewer: why is this different from local variables?

Author: has been widely discussed in the past on slack, on differents PRs, maybe you can find also some old comments above,
it is only for ease of reading when the code blocks are broad,
if you want to reopen this topic, open a discussion on Slack and get everyone involved, for now this was the last decision made

Reviewer: I'll ask on slack, thanks

Reviewer: in an ideal case, though, the code guidelines should allow for understanding their reasoning where rules go beyond simple matters of choice ;)

> When you declare a primitive type variable always initialise it by assigning a value to allow explicit type checking, and to make it even easier to understand the code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you declare a primitive type variable, always initialize it by assigning a value to allow explicit type checking and to make it even easier to understand the code.
```
I personally don't think this rule makes a lot of sense (why now force to use `{nullptr}` over `= nullptr` when above it was given as less readable? why force writing down an obvious value? how would this help type checking?), but if it's the consensus, I won't veto

Author: you are talking of a pointer, not a primitive type,
read the first old @garbear comment above

CLog::Log("test: {} {}", x, y);
```

In general, we suggest adopting the form `{}` for the members of classes and structures. Within methods it is still possible to use the form `=` to improve the readability of the code.

✅ Good:
```cpp
int m_x{5};

> int* m_y{};

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
int* m_y{nullptr};
```

int const * const someIntPointer;
```

### 5.5. Initialization

Make sure that variables are initialized appropriately at declaration or soon afterwards. This is especially important for fundamental type variables that do not have any constructor. Zero-initialize with `{}`.

✅ Good:
```cpp
int x{3};
int* y{nullptr};
bool z = false;
std::string text; // not primitive
KindOfStruct theStruct{}; // POD structures or structures with uninitalised members must be initialised with empty brackets
Log::Log("test: {}, {}, {}", x, y, z);
```

❌ Bad:
```cpp
int x; // used uninitialized
int* y = nullptr; // default-initialization not using {}
bool z{}; // no value explicitly declared for fundamental type, preferable for better reading
std::string text{}; // has its default constructor
Log::Log("test: {}, {}, {}", x, y, z);
```

> We allow initialise variables by using the C++ forms `{}` or `=` or `()`.

Reviewer 7: We allow variables to be initialized using the C++ forms `{}`, `=` or `()`.

However, we would like to point out some optional suggestions to follow:

> - Prefer the form `{}` to other's, because allow an explicit type checking for possible narrowing conversions.

Reviewer 7: Prefer the `{}` form to others, because this permits explicit type checking

_(word order plus plural/possessive confusion)_

_Question: I don't know what "possible narrowing conversions" means here - I suspect it's better as something like:_

Prefer the `{}` form to others, because this permits explicit type checking to avoid unwanted narrowing conversions.

> - Prefer the form `{}` when initialising a class/struct variable.

Reviewer 7: Prefer the `{}` form when initializing...

_(word order plus inconsistent mixing of US/UK spelling otherwise)_

> - Specify an explicit initialisation value, at least for fundamental types.

Reviewer 7: ... initialization ... 

_(US vs UK spelling consistency)_

int const * const someIntPointer;
```

### 5.5. Initialization

Make sure that variables are initialized appropriately at declaration or soon afterwards. This is especially important for fundamental type variables that do not have any constructor. Zero-initialize with `{}`.

✅ Good:
```cpp
int x{3};
int* y{nullptr};
bool z{false};
std::string text; // not primitive

> struct KindOfStruct theStruct{}; // POD structures or structures with uninitalised members must be initialised with empty brackets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KindOfStruct theStruct{}; // POD structures or structures with uninitalised members must be initialised with empty brackets
```

Reviewer: this is C++, so we'd usually not use the `struct` keyword here

void test();

} // unnamed namespace
```

❌ Bad:
```cpp
static void test();
```

### 6.3. C++ elements

> Elements of C++ like functions must always be used by adding the namespace prefix `std`.

Reviewer 6: I think this  would be better as "The interface of C++ standard library" instead of a generic "c++ elements". I'd say maybe:

```
When using elements defined in the C+ standard library headers, prefixing the element with the `std` prefix is mandatory.
```

}
```

### 7.2. Use C++ wrappers for C headers
To use C symbols use C++ wrappers headers, by using the `std` namespace prefix.

✅ Good:
```cpp
#include <cstring>
[...]

> std::strcpy(destText, sourceText);

Reviewer: can we have another example maybe? `strcpy` is unsafe and should never ever be used.

Author: changed with `strlen`

}
```

### 8.6. Structs

> Use PascalCase, the prefix with an uppercase S is not mandatory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use PascalCase. `S` may be added as a prefix.
```
I'm not quite sure, do we actually want the `S`? Isn't it just there for legacy, in which case we should not have it in the guidelines at all?

Author: @notspiff has suggested add S prefix,
in our repository code there is a mixture of differents naming uses for Struct type, so it is not clear which method we use officially

I am also in favour of removing the prefix for struct if you see fit
more opinions would be appreciated

Reviewer 6: IMO we should have same rules for classes and structs. If we enforce the usage of a `C` prefix in classes, `S` should also be enforced for structs.

If the decision is not to have a prefix for structs, why should we have them for classes? We've pretty much dropped all other types from variables

Author: CC @garbear @lrusak @thexai @notspiff

Reviewer: > If the decision is not to have a prefix for structs, why should we have them for classes?

I don't see a logical reason why using `C` for classes should force you to use `S` for structs. For me, it's just a matter of policy and consistency. IMO, not having the `S` is totally fine, but I don't care a lot about this specific point.

Author: since currently on our source code the "structs" do not follow any guidelines and there are a lot mixed uses
i can omit the "S" as optional, and keep only PascalCase
at least as a basis to follow

Reviewer: sounds fine to me - @notspiff?

Author: for now removed and kept only pascalcase

}
```

### 8.6. Structs
Use PascalCase.
```cpp
struct InfoChar
{
  bool m_isBold{false};
}
```

### 8.7. Methods
Use PascalCase always, uppercasing the first letter even if the methods are private or protected.

> The method parameters start with lower case and follow CamelCase style, without type prefixing (Systems Hungarian notation).

Reviewer 7: _("The" isn't needed here if you're talking about method parameters in general, e.g. "Roses are red"; it would be, however, if you're talking about specific method parameters, e.g. "The roses in the garden are red")_

Method parameters start with lower case and follow CamelCase style...

```cpp
void MyDummyClass::DoSomething(int limitBound);
```

### 8.8. Variables

> The variables start with lower case and follow CamelCase style. Type prefixing (Systems Hungarian notation) is discouraged.

Reviewer 7: _(Ditto previous comment)_

Variables start with lower case...

✅ Good:
```cpp
uint32_t width{1920};
uint32_t height{1080};

> std::string_view name{"List of foobar"};

Reviewer: might want to make this constexpr in line with the suggestions for string views?

Author: what do you mean?

Reviewer: the string_view example that you added uses `constexpr std::string_view` for a string constant

Author: not same thing that example was used on static const vars on a unnamed namespace
instead this code is intended within a method
CLog::Log cannot be used outside of a method

Reviewer: was just an idea though, if you don't want to add it here that's also fine for me.

Reviewer: side-note: it's good practice nevertheless to make  variables `const` or `constexpr` if they should not change, even for local variables within methods.

Author: agreed but since variables here are not really needed for the example i removed them all

✅ Good:
```cpp
CLog::Log(LOGDEBUG, "Window size: {}x{}", width, height);

> CLog::LogF(LOGERROR, "An error occurred to window \"{}\"", name); // Use helper function `CLog::LogF` to print also the name of method.

Reviewer 7: An error occurred with window ...

_or_

An error occurred in window ...

```

❌ Bad:
```cpp
CLog::Log(LOGWARNING, "Window size: %dx%d", width, height); // printf-style format strings are possible, but discouraged; also the message does not warrant the warning level

> CLog::Log(LOGERROR, "{}: An error occurred to window \"{}\"", __FUNCTION__, name); // Do not use __FUNCTION__ macro, use `CLog::LogF` instead.

Reviewer 7: Suggest "with" or "in" again

For lines up to [line length](#line-length) everything stays on one line, excluding the braces which must be on the following lines.

```cpp
MyClass::CMyClass(bool argOne, int argTwo) : m_argOne(argOne), m_argTwo(argTwo)
{
}
```

> For longer lines, break before colon and after comma.

Reviewer 7: For longer lines, insert a line break before the colon and/or after the comma.

_(assuming it's not intended that line breaks are **always** inserted in both places for longer lines)_

### 12.2. Casts
New code has to use C++ style casts and not older C style casts. When modifying existing code the developer can choose to update it to C++ style casts or leave as is. Whenever a `dynamic_cast` is used to cast to a pointer type, the result can be `nullptr` and needs to be checked accordingly.

✅ Good:
```cpp
char m_dataChar{...};
uint8_t m_dataInt = static_cast<uint8_t>(m_dataChar);
```

❌ Bad:
```cpp
char m_dataChar{...};
uint8_t m_dataInt = (uint8_t)m_dataChar;
```

### 12.3. `NULL` vs `nullptr`
Prefer the use of `nullptr` instead of `NULL`. `nullptr` is a typesafe version and as such can't be implicitly converted to `int` or anything else.

### 12.4. `auto`

Feel free to use `auto` wherever it improves readability, without abusing it when it is not the case.
- Good places are iterators or types that have multiple sub-levels in a namespace.

> - Bad are places are code that expects a certain type that is not immediately clear from the context, or when you declare fundamental types.

Reviewer 7: Bad places are code that expects a certain type that is not immediately clear ...

Prefer `constexpr` over `const` for constants when possible. Try to mark functions `constexpr` when reasonable.

### 12.11. `std::string` vs `std::string_view`

> Prefer `std::string_view` over `std::string` when possible, for example constants variables, or method arguments, where in this last case it is not required declare the argument as reference or const, but of course depends on the type of implementation you want to achieve.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prefer `std::string_view` over `std::string` when reasonable. Good examples are constants or method arguments. In the last case, it is not required declare the argument as reference or const, since string views are immutable by definition. A bad example is when you need a NUL-terminated C string, e.g. to interact with a C API. `std::string_view` does not offer a `c_str()` function like `std::string` does.
```
I don't think the "depends on the type of implementation you want to achieve" adds much value; what exactly do you mean by that?

Author: > "depends on the type of implementation you want to achieve"

because you can change the view of the string_view used
for example by using `remove_prefix` you modify the view of the string_view
if you declare the stringview as const, you cannot use methods that modify the view, like mentioned above, so depends on what you want achieve, but most of cases add "const" is not needed

> since string views are immutable by definition

not sure if this sentence could be so good maybe reword it,
because you can derivate one view from another string_view by using methods, the value will be different, despite the source data are the same, like my example with `substr`

so maybe reformulate as:
_since the data source of string views are immutable by definition_

Author: > `std::string_view` does not offer a `c_str()` function like `std::string` does.

the similar way of  `c_str()` to `std::string_view` is `data()`
with the difference that you obtain the data not filtered by the view, so directly the source
we can explain this difference instead

Author: done all changes, try to see if better now

Reviewer: > if you declare the stringview as const, you cannot use methods that modify the view, like mentioned above, so depends on what you want achieve, but most of cases add "const" is not needed

This makes sense for a local variable and such, but re-reading the text now I see that it is specifically meant to apply for method arguments. Do we ever qualify non-reference non-pointer method arguments as `const`? :thinking:  AFAIK, this is discouraged (in some guidelines at least) since it makes an internal concern of the method part of the API.

> the similar way of c_str() to std::string_view is data()

Yeah that much is clear, but it won't help if you need  a C string. That said, I think your new wording is fine. Thanks :)

> Main reasons why we prefer `std::string_view` are: execution performance, no memory allocations, substrings are without copy, reuse the same data without reallocation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Main reasons why we prefer `std::string_view` are: execution performance, no memory allocations, substrings can be made without copy, and the possibility to reuse the same data without reallocation.
```

> Avoid using `std::string_view` when you are not sure where the source of data is allocated, or as return value of a method, because if not handled properly, the source of the data may go out of scope, so no longer be readable and may cause side effects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Avoid using `std::string_view` when you are not sure where the source of data is allocated, or as return value of a method. If not handled properly, the source (storage) of the data may go out of scope. As a consequence, the program enters undefined behavior and may crash, behave strangely, or exhibit security-relevant issues.
```

✅ Good:
```cpp
namespace
{
constexpr std::string_view CONSTANT_FOO{"foo-bar"};
} // unnamed namespace

> bool CClass::SetText(std::string_view value)

Author: done

{
  CLog::LogF(LOGDEBUG, "My name is {}", value);
}

[...]
SetText(CONSTANT_FOO.substr(0, 3));
```

❌ Bad:
```cpp
namespace
{
const std::string CONSTANT_FOO{"foo-bar"}; // no use of constexpr, and to prefer the use of std::string_view
} // unnamed namespace

> bool CClass::SetText(const std::string& value) // if a copy is not required, prefer the use of std::string_view to improve performance

Author: add explicits comment explanations

Prefer `constexpr` over `const` for constants when possible. Try to mark functions `constexpr` when reasonable.

### 12.11. `std::string` vs `std::string_view`

Prefer `std::string_view` over `std::string` when reasonable. Good examples are constants or method arguments. In the last case, it is not required declare the argument as reference or const, since the data source of string views are immutable by definition. A bad example is when you need a NUL-terminated C string, e.g. to interact with a C API. `std::string_view` does not offer a `c_str()` function like `std::string` does, but if you do not need a C string you can use `data()` to get the raw source of the data.

Main reasons why we prefer `std::string_view` are: execution performance, no memory allocations, substrings can be made without copy, and the possibility to reuse the same data without reallocation.

> Avoid using `std::string_view` when you are not sure where the source of data is allocated, or as return value of a method. If not handled properly, the source (storage) of the data may go out of scope. As a consequence, the program enters undefined behavior and may crash, behave strangely, or exhibit security-relevant issues.

Reviewer 8: > Avoid using `std::string_view` [...] as return value of a method.

I'm not a fan of this part. IMO returning a `std::string_view` is not more dangerous then a `const std::string&`.

✅ Good:
```cpp
namespace
{
constexpr std::string_view CONSTANT_FOO{"foo-bar"};
} // unnamed namespace

void CClass::SetText(std::string_view value) // using std::string_view you always use the same data source without new allocations 
{
  CLog::LogF(LOGDEBUG, "My name is {}", value);
}

[...]
SetText(CONSTANT_FOO.substr(0, 3)); // no allocations made by substr, you return only a modified view of current string_view, with the same data source 
```

❌ Bad:
```cpp
namespace
{
constexpr std::string CONSTANT_FOO{"foo-bar"}; // no std::string_view use, we can avoid new allocations see `substr` used below 
} // unnamed namespace

> void CClass::SetText(const std::string& value) // despite its declared as reference, std::string perform always some memory allocation, because there is no use of raw data

Reviewer: I'm not sure I get it. How would, in the case written down here, std::string *always* cause a memory allocation, even if you passed in an existing std::string object by reference?

Author: its overhead, i will try reword it
from the net there are some explanations like this, is a bit technical to explain:
"""
use std::string_view over std::string const& as a function argument is that if you pass a string literal,
the latter will construct a heap-allocated temporary std::string object just for the function to operate on, and then free it again, whereas with std::string_view it's just as lightweight as passing by const char* (effectively free). If you already have your string data in a std::string object before passing it makes little difference apart from an extra indirection, but using std::string_view allows your function to be called with low overhead using either a std::string or a string literal
"""

Reviewer: Yeah that is closer to my understanding :) Sorry to be pedantic, but I think that the guidelines should not make statements that might be misleading (such as the "always performs some memory allocation"). If you just shorten it to something along the lines that it will avoid memory allocations in many contexts such as passing C-string literals, that would already settle it for me.

Reviewer: i.e., people can google the full explanation if they want it (or you link to it), but what we *do* write in the guidelines should be factually correct

Author: i changed them all, try check

Main reasons why we prefer `std::string_view` are: execution performance, no memory allocations, substrings can be made without copy, and the possibility to reuse the same data without reallocation.

Avoid using `std::string_view` when you are not sure where the source of data is allocated, or as return value of a method. If not handled properly, the source (storage) of the data may go out of scope. As a consequence, the program enters undefined behavior and may crash, behave strangely, or exhibit security-relevant issues.

✅ Good:
```cpp
namespace
{
constexpr std::string_view CONSTANT_FOO{"foo-bar"};
} // unnamed namespace

void CClass::SetText(std::string_view value) 
{
  CLog::LogF(LOGDEBUG, "My name is {}", value);
}

[...]
SetText(CONSTANT_FOO.substr(0, 3)); // substr returns a modified view of the same string_view, thus without allocations
```

❌ Bad:
```cpp
namespace
{
constexpr std::string CONSTANT_FOO{"foo-bar"}; // using string_view will avoid a memory allocation 
} // unnamed namespace

> void CClass::SetText(const std::string& value) // despite being declared as a reference, using string_view will result in a lower overhead

Reviewer: ```suggestion
void CClass::SetText(const std::string& value) // despite being declared as a reference, using string_view will result in a lower overhead in many cases (e.g., when passing a C string literal)
```

Prefer `constexpr` over `const` for constants when possible. Try to mark functions `constexpr` when reasonable.

### 12.11. `std::string` vs `std::string_view`

> Prefer `std::string_view` over `std::string` when reasonable. Good examples are constants or method arguments. In the last case, it is not required declare the argument as reference or const, since the data source of string views are immutable by definition. A bad example is when you need a NUL-terminated C string, e.g. to interact with a C API. `std::string_view` does not offer a `c_str()` function like `std::string` does, but if you do not need a C string you can use `data()` to get the raw source of the data.

Reviewer 7: ... In the latter case, it is not required to declare the argument as reference or const ...

Main reasons why we prefer `std::string_view` are: execution performance, no memory allocations, substrings can be made without copy, and the possibility to reuse the same data without reallocation.

> Avoid using `std::string_view` when you are not sure where the source of data is allocated, or as return value of a method. If not handled properly, the source (storage) of the data may go out of scope. As a consequence, the program enters undefined behavior and may crash, behave strangely, or exhibit security-relevant issues.

Reviewer 7: _(Question - "or exhibit security-relevant issues" seems an odd way to phrase it, but this may be deliberate. Would not "or introduce potential security issues" be clearer?)_
